Sprint #2 Report
Product: AInfant
Team Name: Michael and the boyz
10/21/2016


Actions to stop doing:


No more large “gaps” of time without writing code/ working on tasks. Ruins the whole momentum of the project and causes for team members to lose focus. 
Stop going MIA in the Slack conversation.
Stop multitasking during meetings because we need everyone’s focus on the taak at hand and sometimes people get too distracted.
Stop showing up late to SCRUM meetings or work sessions. 


Actions to start doing: 
	
Organize more group coding sessions
Communicate to each team member the progress we have made. Not just conceptually but also explaining the hard code line by line. This will add more understanding between team members and improve overall communication.
Start helping team members with their tasks if you have already finished the tasks that you were working on. This will improve group momentum and help us reach our sprint goals faster.
Do a lot less conceptualizing and hard coding as we understand more of the project.


Actions to keep doing: 
Keep the momentum of tasks completion from Sprint 2 as we completed a lot in a short amount of time
Keep the positive attitude and great mood to keep spirits up.
Keep meetings on Tuesdays for work.
Keep communication among team members and checking in on their progress on tasks 


Work completed
Finished all Parts of Speech classes with constructors
Also completed Word.java, which will check which PoS object needs to be created and passes in the correct parameters needed to construct the objects 
Database Michael finish this part. 
UI: Gamiel and Daniel finish this part
Data structure of the parse tree 
Created tokenizer 
Started validation function
Started syntax checker
As a developer, I need to have a database setup so that the AI can store/retrieve data and information about the English language


Work not completed:
As a user of the app, I want to be able to teach the AI new words, so that it will be able to use those words when communicating
User input passes unknown words (String word, String PoS, and HashTable tags into Word.java) 
As a user of the app, I want to be able to teach the AI new grammatical structures so that i can use those structures when communicating


Work completion rate: 
1 Stories were completed: 
User stories 1 was completed but not all of the tasks for user story 2 and 3 were completed. 
About 18 work hours were completed during the prior sprint. 
14 days
User Stories per day: 0.06 stories/day
Hours per day: 1.6 hours




