Sprint Plan 3 
AInfant
Nov 23, 2016




Goal: Have unknown words inputted to the database with its respective attributes and placed into a grammar tree which will return if it is a valid sentence or not. 


Task listing, organized by user story: This section lists the user stories, in priority order from most important (top) to least important (bottom). Within each user story, there needs to be a list of tasks required to implement the user story, along with the time estimate for each tasks (preferably less than or equal to 6 ideal hours). This should look like: 




1. As an app user, I need to have a second screen appear on the UI where I can “teach” the AI a word (construct a word) with its given attributes so I can add it to the database with all of its attributes/connotations. 
	2.  As a developer, I need to build a parser that will construct a grammar tree out of the tokens inputted.
	3. As a developer, the AI needs to read a sentence and
AI needs to identify each type of word 
so the AI can detect if a correct sentence was entered. 
	







































User Stories
	Hours
	As an app user, I need to have a second screen appear on the UI where I can “teach” the AI a word (construct a word) with its given attributes so I can add it to the database with all of its attributes/connotations. 
	

	1. Setup spinners in drop down menu where the user can select the given words/types and save their selections DL, GS, MH, RM
	3hr
	2. Read selected spinner values and pass into the respective word constructor (pass in correct strings to construct the word) DL, GS, MH, RM
	2hr
	3. Add an onClicklistener/button that will add the word into the database
 DL, GS, MH, RM
	1hr
	As a developer, I need to build a parser that will construct a grammar tree out of the tokens inputted so we can identify the structure of each sentence.           
	

	1. implement grammar rules that will be used  in order to parse the sentence (based off of previous brainstorm) RJ, EL


	4hrs
	2. Create parsetree class that will be used for parsing the user’s input sentence RJ, EL
	2hr
	3. Create the parsing helper class that will run the parsing function on the input sentences and build the parse tree RJ, EL
	3hrs
	As a user of the app, I want to be able to know if the sentence I entered is correct so that the AI will be able to communicate if it does not understand. 
	

	1. Implement a sentence tokenizer that will split the sentence into single words. ALL
	30min
	2. Implement ability to specify the Part of Speech of each word in a sentence.
ALL
	1hr
	3. Implement a query which will look for each word in the database to see if it exists. If it does, return its respective attributes. ALL
	2hr